Bev version (#116)
fzi-forschungszentrum-informatik/gpu-voxels: README.md

> - If the ROS dependency was found, but the GPU-Voxels URDF features are still unabailable, run `source /opt/ros/YOUR_ROS_DISTRO/setup.bash` before running cmake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the ROS dependency was found, but the GPU-Voxels URDF features are still unavailable, run `source /opt/ros/$ROS_DISTRO/setup.bash` before running cmake.
```

- Eigen 3 issues: can be fixed by cloning a more current unstable Eigen version and placing it in CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH
  + on Ubuntu 18.04 with CUDA 10.0: "math_functions.hpp not found"
  ```bash
  git clone https://gitlab.com/libeigen/eigen.git
  sudo cp -r signature_of_eigen3_matrix_library /usr/include/eigen3
  sudo cp -r unsupported/ /usr/include/eigen3

>   sudo cp -r Eigen/ /usr/include/eigen3

Reviewer: We shouldn't overwrite system-installed packages. What is this required for?

Author: As mentioned in README, to fix "math_functions.hpp not found" on Ubuntu 18.04 with CUDA 10.0.
If you have a better way to fix this, I'm okay with that.

Reviewer 2: I remember that some way of introducing a newer version of Eigen was needed when Ubuntu 18.04 came out.

We have a script that clones Eigen into a subfolder so you can add it to the build itself, for 18.04, I prefer that over the system overwrite also.

Reviewer: You could check the Eigen version and conditionally use `FetchContent` or `ExternalProject_Add` to fetch if required?
